Joshua John
a)warning: push.default is unset; its implicit value is changing in
Git 2.0 from 'matching' to 'simple'. To squelch this message
and maintain the current behavior after the default changes, use:

  git config --global push.default matching

To squelch this message and adopt the new behavior now, use:

  git config --global push.default simple

See 'git help config' and search for 'push.default' for further information.
(the 'simple' mode was introduced in Git 1.7.11. Use the similar mode
'current' instead of 'simple' if you sometimes use older versions of Git)

Username for 'https://github.com': jj16d
Password for 'https://jj16d@github.com':
Counting objects: 5, done.
Delta compression using up to 56 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 390 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/jj16d/assignment2.git
   22b9dde..959e41b  master -> master
b)There were 9 commits. I used the command "git log".
c).gitignore was last modified Wed Sep 25 18:13:30 2019. I used the command
git log -1 .gitignore
d)Branching allows you do experimental changes to code without messing up
the main code. It also allows work to happen in parallel for example
teamates can branch to add features and then merge them.
e)git status displays the state of the working directory and staging area.
git log is a running record of commits.
f) git log --follow -- Vehicle.h
g) git log --all --grep="file"
h)Inheritance allows a class to have the same behavior as another class and
extend that behavior for specific needs. Polymorphism is a language's
ability to process objects differently depending on their data type or class. 
Encapsulation is used to hide the values or state of a data object inside a
class preventing unauthorized parties' direct access to them.
i) The main difference between the two workflows is that is that there are
muliple lieutants merging changes where in IM workflow there is just the
integration manager doing it.
j)A team of 100 developers would benefit from the DL workflow more because
they can have many lieutenats merging changes whereas Centalized they would 
have to do merging themselves.

OOP princples)
Yes, the driving simulator prototype is using polymorphism and encapsulation.
The prototype is using polymorpism by having Car, Jet, etc. inherit from the
powered vehicles class. The all have a function called to string but call 
their specific version based on their type. The prototype is using 
encapsulation by hiding private member varibales and only allowing them to
be modified through constructors and setting funcitons.
